----------------------------------------------------------------------

CHURCHILL COLLEGE BOAT CLUB - 40TH ANNIVERSARY DINNER
SATURDAY 16 JUNE 2001 - CHURCHILL COLLEGE, CAMBRIDGE

Dear ?,

2001 marks the 40th anniversary of the Churchill College Boat Club
and, to celebrate, the CCBC committee have decided to extend an
invitation to all past members of the club to join them for the May
Bumps Dinner in the College on Saturday 16 June.

The committee, together with two past members who are currently
working in Cambridge -- Eddie Powell (1967-1973) and David Sampson
(1996-2000) -- are attempting to contact as many past members as they
can.  This involves not only contacting members whom they know
directly, but also e-mailing as many past captains as possible and
asking them to pass on the details to their contemporaries.

It is hoped that groups of past members will arrange to come and spend
the afternoon down by the Cam watching the racing before coming to
College for the dinner.  As the organisers do not have contact details
of all past members, they would be most grateful if you could pass the
message on.

The details of the dinner are as follows:  There will be a reception
at 7:00 PM, followed by dinner at 7:30 PM.  Dress will be black tie;
CCBC blazers and ties are optional if you still have either!  The cost
of the dinner will be £25 per person, which also includes pre-dinner
drinks, wine and port.  You are welcome to bring a partner or spouse
along.

The event will be held during full term, but a supply of rooms at
Churchill will be available for the night of the dinner.  These rooms
will be allocated on a first come, first served basis.  Rooms will be
available in the Moller Centre at the special rates of £43.48 per
single and £70.50 per double or twin.  From past experience, the
College authorities expect that some further rooms in College
staircases may become available closer to the time of the dinner,
although availability here is more difficult to predict.  Rooms in
College will cost £20.56 per single and £35.25 per double.  All prices
include breakfast and VAT.  There is a place to indicate your
accommodation preferences on the booking form (see below).  If you
request accommodation, Annette Tattersall from the Churchill Alumni
Office will contact you to update you on the availability of rooms in
College.  You may prefer to make your own arrangements with a hotel or
a B&B in Cambridge, and Annette can help to put you in contact with
suitable establishments.

The easiest way to reserve your place is to fill in an on-line booking
form (http://david.sampson.org/rowing/churchill-40/book.html). 
Alternatively, you may download a printable booking form from the same
Web site and return it by fax or post (details are included).  The
closing date for applications is Saturday 2 June, although early
booking is advisable if you wish to secure a room at Churchill. 
Payments for accommodation may be made on departure, although payments
for the dinner itself should be made in advance.  As the date of the
dinner approaches, a list of guests who are coming to the dinner will
be posted at the Churchill College Boat Club Web Site
(http://www.chu.cam.ac.uk/boatclub/).

If you have further queries, please feel free to contact Eddie Powell
(eddiewpowell@yahoo.com), David Sampson (david@sampson.org), or
Annette Tattersall (alumni@chu.cam.ac.uk) from the Churchill Alumni
Office.  Further information is also available on-line
(http://david.sampson.org/rowing/churchill-40/).

It is hoped that you will take the opportunity to come along and enjoy
what promises to be a great weekend!

----------------------------------------------------------------------